(Mysterious power)
(Youth Over Flowers: Winner)
(With the great work of Finger Song,)
(Winner gets to go on Youth Over Flowers.)
(The best prank to deceive them)
(Winner doesn't know what is going on.)
(How do you feel to shoot a vehicle commercial?)
(We're honored to be on the prank.)
(Is there anywhere you'd like to travel?)
(Since the name of this model is Island,)
(I should go to Ireland.)
(The wish is granted.)
I'll take over starting now.
- What's going on? - I got it.
(The last phrase of this prank is...)
("We're going to Incheon Airport to find freedom.")
(The place they went to find freedom)
(A country with beautiful sunset)
(The land of kangaroos, West Australia)
(Welcome.)
(This is Perth, a central city in West Australia.)
Are you Korean?
(We're all set.)
(Great accommodations, successful)
- It said they sell cheap things. - We found Target.
(Good shopping, successful)
(A fun trip to West Australia...)
(with four people who appreciate even a small thing)
(The morning of the second day comes.)
(Perth residents are busy from early morning.)
(The sky is clear with no clouds.)
(What are the four youths doing at this hour?)
(They're still sleeping.)
(Seung Hoon wakes up first.)
(He's still tired even after a sleep.)
Let's get ready, guys.
(Startled)
(It's morning already?)
Your phone fell off.
It broke.
(He's still passed out.)
(Here)
I don't know who it is, but someone slept well.
I fell asleep right away.
You look like an old man.
(Is this a mineral spring?)
(He leaps.)
You're like a ninja.
- You too. - Okay.
(Kang Seung Yoon, leader of Winner)
(He's still half asleep.)
(He wakes up with a song.)
Your hair looks ridiculous.
What about my hair?
What's wrong with my hair
Hurry up.
Stop wasting time. Hurry up.
Shower beside him.
He's so relaxed on the toilet.
My gosh.
How can you rush it?
(Like this)
Go like this.
He's going like this.
(Min Ho even enjoyed the shower.)
That's how my dad dries his hair.
I do that too.
My dad too.
- You learned it from your dads. - Me too.
I can't believe we all showered 30 minutes before the departure.
It's unbelievable.
We're going to a museum.
- Are we? - Yes.
Let's go.
Good hostel.
- Good hostel. - Number one.
Hostel number one.
(They head outside after a lame compliment.)
- Let's go. - Are we walking to the museum?
- Is it far from here? - It's not that far, is it?
- No. - It's within walking distance.
- Seven minutes on foot. - Let's go.
(Get your backpacks ready.)
Let's go.
(They begin traveling as if they're back home after duty free shopping.)
Are we supposed to travel with heavy bags?
The weather is so nice.
- What's weather in English? - Weather.
Nice weather.
(He applies "nice".)
(It's spring in Perth.)
(It's spring in Australia because it's opposite of Korea.)
(Flowers, the symbols of spring bloom)
(You can feel spring on every street.)
(Spring. It's written explicitly.)
(The smell of spring)
(If you don't look down, I'm going to run towards you.)
The birds here sound weird.
(Crows crying all together.)
It's weird.
(People here cry weird.)
(Seung Yoon keeps looking at his phone while walking.)
Where are you going?
- This way. - Really? That way?
Great. Map Seung Yoon.
(Follow me! Map Seung Yoon)
There's a sign.
(Min Ho's excited for some reason.)
Should I take out the hats?
(The phone drops.)
(I'm very sorry, Seung Yoon.)
Seung Yoon's upset.
- Did it break? - Luckily, it didn't.
(They're happy.)
We're here because Min Ho wanted to.
- Right. - Let's travel for Min Ho.
- Okay. - It's here.
- Where? This one? - This one.
What kind of place is this?
- This is... - Explain.
a contemporary arts museum.
(Contemporary arts museum. End of explanation)
(Many of you probably know.)
(Min Ho showed his talent in drawing on "New Journey to the West".)
(He wore an artist hat from the 80s...)
(and drew such good drawings instantly.)
(Maybe that's why Min Ho kept talking about museums.)
(That's WA arts gallery.)
(He wanted to check out galleries every time he passed by one.)
(Most galleries are free.)
(Knowledge on galleries beyond the average,)
(and a wide perspective of understanding the artist's purpose)
(He's Artist Song in terms of art pieces.)
(But his friends say otherwise.)
(Honestly, he doesn't understand it either,)
(but he keeps nodding.)
(To look smart)
(So we asked Artist Song who's listening seriously.)
(Do you understand it?)
(No.)
(It's fine, Artist Song. Passion's what's important.)
(At one restaurant in Jeju Island that will be revealed soon,)
(Artist Noh put up his work of art.)
(Hey. When are you going to finish the other five?)
(He's going to reveal his hidden talent.)
(Artist Song to be continued)
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- Hi. - Good morning.
Hi.
Put your hand on it, and listen to it.
This looks interesting.
It's electricity.
Wait. Don't touch it yet.
- Can I touch it? - Try.
(Amazing)
- Do you hear anything? - Don't lie.
Awesome.
(This is the sound it makes.)
- He's right. - Does it make a sound?
- It does. - Move your hand.
(He touches everywhere.)
Do you hear something?
(All over)
- There's nothing. - It's amazing.
- Let me try? - Really?
It's not that amazing but impressive.
Let me try.
(It's not that sexy.)
Take it off.
(Scrubbing)
It's comfy.
Let me try.
(It's not such a fidgety sound.)
(Sniffing)
It doesn't smell like anything.
- It smells burnt a little. - Really?
(He smelled something burnt at the contemporary arts museum.)
- Gently touch the drawing. - My nose is stuffed.
I don't smell anything.
Is this the guide?
It's in English. We can't read it.
Listen.
- Try. - The name of the artist...
is David.
- Okay. - His name's David.
He works on something about sound.
Do you hear anything?
There's energy.
Those are the only words you know.
That's the kind of project it is.
The theme here is frequency.
- It's about frequency. - Right.
(In another room,)
(there's deity of sun.)
Please do not touch.
We could touch the other things, but not this one.
This is hard without a description.
What was that?
I'm leaving.
(Seung Hoon's not interested so he decides to escape.)
Good, but I don't understand.
- Understand? - I don't understand.
It is pretty complicated...
with scientific ideas.
But basically, it's about energy.
- Energy? - Electricity.
(Unexpected 1 to 1 field trip)
- Do you hear? - No.
So it's like...
(Unexpected romance)
I can't hear on that one.
(The machine's really broken.)
- It's like... - It's working now.
- It works now that the power's on. - Really?
- Pencil. - It's done with pencils.
That's why.
It must be 4B.
(Min Ho and Seung Yoon enjoy it until the end.)
- Education studio. - It's a studio.
This isn't working for a liberal arts major like me.
What's this?
(That's a fence to stop you from jumping off.)
(He listens with amazing concentration.)
(They run away with amazing speed.)
- I'm getting a headache. - Me too.
(Honor class in museum)
I see them nodding,
but I'm sure they don't understand even 10 percent of it.
They probably understood about 3 percent of it.
They're back.
(The honor class heads this way.)
There is more upstairs. Let's go.
Really?
Fine. Let's go.
Fine.
(Skip floor 2. It's difficult.)
- Thank you so much. - Thank you so much.
(They thank the teacher after class.)
Thank you.
- We can leave now. - Okay.
- It was fun. - Are you satisfied?
Yes. Good.
- Let's go grab a burger. - Yes.
- Good. - I'm serious.
Let's go after getting burgers.
(It's time to fill Seung Hoon's hunger for real.)
- A burger restaurant? - Yes.
Let's go. I'm hungry.
(Actually Seung Hoon...)
(I should've looked up good restaurants.)
(Let's find a rice noodle restaurant.)
(I'll choose what you'll eat today.)
(I've found a burger restaurant with 4.4 ratings yesterday.)
(His statistical diet based on ratings)
What would you like for dinner?
Pasta.
(Okay. Just wait.)
Hey, Chef. What's the menu?
I'm going to make Korean food.
(He even makes Korean food with lacking ingredients.)
(Not only the restaurants, but he also takes care of the cooking.)
It's like a restaurant.
(The customers of this restaurant are gawking.)
When I see people becoming happy from eating my food,
it makes me want to cook.
I'm the happiest...
when they enjoy it.
(When they want to eat chicken, or spicy tteokbokki,)
(or Korean food, they look at one person.)
(He's avoiding them.)
It's not us who's challenging. It's Seung Hoon.
- Am I right? - Yes.
(Winner's human food truck, Lee Seung Hoon)
- 6 minutes. - 6 minutes?
(He found a good restaurant.)
(Can't wait)
Its theme is energy.
(They realize the theme of the exhibition after leaving.)
Ener...
gies.
(Pass by as fast as you can.)
What's this car?
(Rumbling)
- Isn't that Aston Martin? - I don't know.
- This place. - I want to check out this place.
- Hypnotize. - That's our style.
It's pretty nice.
We have no money.
Shall we play a game to shop for one person only?
- Where is it? - Here.
(They reached the burger restaurant Seung Hoon found.)
- Is this the one? - Yes.
(It's located in a quiet street.)
Cheeseburger.
(Traditional Australian burger restaurant)
Finally big hand.
Let's eat outside.
Great.
- Here. - Awesome.
(They're running out of breath from outdoor tables before eating.)
It tastes better here.
Eating food outside tastes 1.2 times more delicious.
This is amazing. It was such a great choice.
Good job.
Go in.
(How the human food truck places an order)
- Hello. - Hi.
Most popular menu.
- Most popular? - Yes.
- The Texan. - Yes.
- Tattoo? - Beef or chicken?
- Beef or chicken? - Good.
- Do you want chicken? - Chicken.
That's always a good choice.
2, 2.
- Two of each? - Yes.
Can I have double cheese?
Go ahead then. Just for you.
One double cheese.
1 double cheese, 2 texans, 2 souls.
(They ordered 5 burgers?)
- Okay. - Yes.
- Good. - Eat here or take out?
(He's confused.)
(Something's wrong, but he doesn't know about it.)
Don't you think...
we ordered too much?
- How much was it? - It was almost 100 dollars.
- 100 dollars? - 100 dollars?
How many did we order?
One more was added.
- We ordered five? - Yes.
- Really? - Let's just enjoy it.
We ordered five?
- You said you want double cheese. - But we don't know which is which.
- Cancel one. - We had to cancel one,
- Did you cancel it? - but he added it.
I'm not fluent enough to say that.
See?
(Manager Kang is devastated.)
It would've been better if we didn't come to an English speaking country.
My English skills are revealed.
If we went to a non English speaking country,
I would've tried my best with body language.
Why here?
Let's not tie ourselves with money too much calculating this and that.
- It's over. - But you should.
- I know I should. - You must do it.
You can't just skip it.
Do that from now on.
You can't just say it's fine when you made the mistake.
- Don't try to skip it. - Let's just enjoy.
- Right. Let's enjoy it. - Enjoy it.
I'm really happy right now.
- Me too. - I'm happy.
- It's great. - I'm happy.
I'm not frowning.
It's the sun.
We deserve to be happy.
Because I'm happy
(French fries arrive.)
- We ordered one large. - It's coming.
- Isn't it awesome? - It's delicious.
How did they fry it to make this taste?
Clean oil.
Hey, guys.
(Burgers are here.)
The one with the soul burger?
(Overusing exclamations)
(Australia is the top beef exporting country.)
(Australian French fries with burgers)
(When you pass down the pickle hat,)
(you see the glossy combination of the patty and cheese.)
(Forget about calories for a second.)
(Don't forget the chicken patty.)
Look how glossy the bun is.
They fried the bun.
You know, a burger with a fried bun is really good.
This place is...
(They're all charging towards the giant burgers.)
Is it good?
(He's amazed.)
(Despite his big mouth, he takes a small bite.)
I can't open up my mouth.
(How dare you)
It's good.
This place is very popular.
(People line up for it.)
I'm happy when the restaurant I searched is successful.
It's because...
you read all comments and ratings in specific detail.
Still, you need a hunch.
I have to admit I'm happy.
This is what it means to travel.
I'm really happy.
We don't have to get up early or shoot a music video.
- If we were in Korea, - Right.
we'd have to get up at 7am, and shoot a music video.
But we can relax tomorrow as well.
- This is unbelievable. - I'm really happy.
- Let's eat burgers tomorrow again. - You're the best.
I'm happy.
(I'm really happy.)
We...
need freedom.
This is so nice.
We get to do everything we want.
It's great.
It was a great idea to come here.
I became a trainee when I was 20,
so...
I couldn't do anything you can when you hit 20.
(He couldn't do the things you can when you're 20.)
It's nice.
Can you believe you're traveling?
Yes. I'm happy. I'm really happy.
Don't just think you're moving when you walk.
- Enjoy it too. - Yes.
- Look around as you walk. - That's nice.
- What about pictures? - What's that?
Do you want to take pictures over there?
(19FF new hamburger bag pouch look)
Great.
- Done. Get out of the way. - Hold this.
You must hold it to look great.
You look like Jean Valjean. Hold on.
You look like Jean Valjean.
- He really looks like a tourist. - This is where you place it.
Flex your belly, Seung Yoon.
I have no belly.
You're done, Seung Yoon. Out of the way.
- I'm serious. - Move.
I didn't even pose.
Okay.
(Handful-of-bags swag)
(He's not being eaten.)
It's about 900m to Perth station.
- About 1km? - Yes.
Do you know where it is?
Of course I do. Seung Yoon map.
- Map Seung Yoon? - Map Seung Yoon.
A soccer field.
(When other members are distracted,)
- Would you like gum? - Yes.
(his eyes are focused on one place.)
- What's this? - Google map's awesome.
It navigates on its own.
It explains everything.
Get off at Fremantle.
After North Fremantle station.
(He's captivated.)
(They're on a train after Map Seung Yoon,)
(moving to the next city, Fremantle, a 20 minute drive from Perth.)
It's the ocean!
Let's shoot it.
(Once you see the ocean outside the train,)
It's beautiful.
(you'll arrive here soon.)
(A place with the beauty of a 19th century harbor city.)
(With more than 70 percent of the buildings...)
(registered as cultural assets)
(Where traditions and modern life exist)
(At the 100-year-old Fremantle market,)
(people crowd to enjoy local food.)
(Relaxing cafes in cappuccino street)
(There are many pubs and breweries.)
(This place where you can relax...)
(or be active sometimes...)
(is the beautiful city, Fremantle.)
(How will the four...)
(travel this relaxing and romantic city?)
This is Fremantle station.
I'm off.
Hey.
Are you homeless?
No. I'm home.
Hey.
(Homeless Song Min Home at Fremantle station)
Watch the bags.
- I'm going to the restroom. - Okay.
- Watch the bags! - Yes.
If you see anybody stealing it, bark...
- and bite them. - Okay.
I'm going to the restroom.
Let's leave him here.
I can hear you.
(A light sleeper, Mr. Homeless)
- We got here pretty fast. - What?
I know. About 20 minutes?
You haven't booked the hotel yet?
(Seung Hoon's nervous because he hasn't booked accommodations.)
We're in trouble.
(He rushes to book an accommodation.)
It's slow.
It's connected.
(He presses the accommodation on the top.)
Fremantle prison.
- Prison. - They have rooms.
It's cheap. It's not bad.
- Is it four beds? - Yes.
- 4 beds. - 4 beds?
We're lucky they have rooms everywhere we go.
Great.
It's only 87 dollars per night?
You make a pretty good choice.
- Make a reservation. - Okay.
- For 2 nights. - Yes.
It adds up automatically.
(Now that they booked the hotel,)
(and he's up...)
I'm tired.
This is nice.
This is awesome.
(When you walk down the street outside of Fremantle station...)
- Fremantle. Quokka. - Quokka.
Quokka. Quokka.
- That's cute. - Take a selfie with the quokka.
Do it now.
Don't pay later to do it.
- Let's do it. - Take it now.
A selfie with a quokka.
(We saved money!)
It's different from Perth.
- Right. - It's nice.
This place is...
- more relaxing. - I know.
There are no people.
What's this tree?
It's the sponge tree.
(You can meet trees with sponges.)
- Goodness. - Is that a magpie?
No. That's a grey hair beak bird.
It's endangered species number 344.
- There were so many. - No.
- They only exist in this city. - Really?
I think it's that one.
Are we going back to prison on our own feet?
Yes. We're turning ourselves in.
- What's that bus? - It's funny.
It's prison.
The hotel is prison.
- There's police. - Really?
Goodness.
- Really? - Goodness.
(Prison?)
We're entering prison on our own feet.
Are we turning ourselves in?
(They're entering on their own in prison uniforms.)
- What is this place? - It's like real prison.
(A high wall isolated from the outside world)
(A prison hallway)
(Person who actually lived here)
Unbelievable.
Excuse me.
All right. Let me get you all sorted.
Have you been inside prison before?
No. First time.
First time? Very cool.
- What are your names? - Lee.
(A real prison renovated to a youth hostel)
All right, you guys.
We're wearing costumes for here.
(They entered prison on their own.)
- It's real prison. - It's interesting.
(It has all the details of prison.)
(A bedroom remodeled from a solitary cell.)
This used to be a real prison.
They renovated a real prison.
Awesome.
(Experiential backpackers)
(They found a perfect place for their outfit.)
It's great.
- Come in. - Good.
(They fall in love with the clean restroom.)
- It's clean. - Okay.
- There's a hair dryer. - There's a dryer.
(They fall in love twice with the hair dryer.)
- It's clean. - It's a lot better.
We're staying here for two nights.
- This room is awesome. - Let's do the laundry.
- Okay. Do the laundry. - We need detergent.
- Hurry up please. - A riddle.
- "New Journey"... - "To the West".
- Samyeon... - Choga.
(This is Youth Over Flowers, not "New Journey to the West".)
- Is it chogwa or choga? - Choga.
- Come on, Jin Woo. - Fine.
(Four letter game to do the laundry)
- Samgo... - Gijjang.
- Done. - It's you.
- Myungbul... - Heojeon.
You got it wrong.
- It's correct. - Never mind.
(He's embarrassed.)
- You two do it. - Let's go.
(They head towards the laundry room together.)
Are you looking for the laundry?
- Yes. - Yes.
Turn to the right.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
It's here.
Laundry. Laundry.
Laundry.
It's not free.
(Put it in first.)
- Is it free? - Yes.
- Put a lot. - Put a lot.
Min Ho. Put a lot.
(One more weird guy)
Three dollars first.
Okay. Three dollars first.
- Do it quick. - What about this?
It says choose color brightness.
Choose color brightness for dark laundry?
What candy?
("What candy.")
"What candy."
(They struggled to do the laundry.)
Then now...
(Manager Kang settles money.)
(He writes down all expenses.)
- This is nice. - There are no people.
When will we be free over that wall?
I want to be discharged.
It's my first time in prison.
I know.
(It's weird to have that experience.)
Why did you come here?
I stole bread.
- Are you Jean Valjean? - Yes.
- Nice to meet you, Jean Valjean. - I have a story.
Okay, what's your story?
I'm going to beat you in table tennis.
So what?
Why don't we play a game?
- Just make sure you hit it over. - It's about 110 dollars.
(They gather in front of the table.)
- Okay, let's do this. - Look.
Don't rush. Hit it when it's not windy.
Just wait until it's not windy and hit.
Do we have a game plan?
- Just play. - Okay.
I'm going to show you the best teamwork of a double.
(The rally isn't exciting at all.)
There you go.
- Nice! - That's it!
(Winner's athletic ability is starting to unravel.)
- I kicked the camera. - Hey.
- Don't kick just because you lost. - I'm sorry.
(Supposedly, they're playing table tennis.)
Nice smash.
Hey, it's our turn to serve.
- We won! - It's our turn.
- No, it's not. We must do it again. - We have to do it twice.
We're right.
Do you want to play volleyball with them? Do you want to?
(In the next court, they're playing volleyball.)
Excuse me.
How about 4-on-4 volleyball?
Do you want to play?
(Persuading foreigners with body language and friendliness.)
How about 4 on 4? We will make a team.
- All right. - There are four of us.
- Yes, sure. - Let's have a 4-on-4 match.
- Are you serious? - Let's try this.
It's Korea versus Europe.
- Where are you from? - I'm from England.
- England. Goodness. - I'm from Germany.
Germany.
We are not good at volleyball though.
What about our shoes?
- We are from South Korea. - What about our hats?
- What do we do? What are the rules? - I don't know.
- I don't know either. Let's play. - Hey, this...
How many times do we need to hit the ball?
- 1, 2, 3? - 3 times?
- Okay. - Okay.
- 1, 2, 3 times? 3 times? - Call it out and return it.
Let's give this a try.
- Let's go. - Get that.
There you go. That's it!
(He's screaming in joy.)
- We won. - We got the point.
(You said three times.)
- One point for us! - Did we get the point?
- 3 times. - 3 times.
- We must hit 3 times. - We can't return it at our 2nd hit.
(He already forgot about the rule.)
- Sorry. We didn't know. I'm sorry. - That's okay.
- Let's do it one more time. - I'm sorry. We didn't know.
Three times, guys. Get it.
(Shouting)
Hey, hey. You.
- Two hits would be easier... - Okay.
- if everyone's okay with that. - Sure.
Hey, he said two hits would be easier.
- We can return it after 2 hits. - Okay. 2 hits.
Okay, okay.
(Let's go!)
Get it, Min Ho.
(Slapstick comedy)
My gosh, this is embarrassing.
- This is utterly embarrassing. - Darn.
- We're a disgrace to our country. - I'm so embarrassed.
Get it, get it!
(They show their poor athletic skills without any concealment.)
Hey, hey, hey.
(Volleyball turns into kickball.)
(The ball almost escapes prison.)
(Seung Yoon serves,)
(and hits the camera.)
Two points.
- I'd like to circle. - Okay, okay.
Let's circle around. Okay!
Hey, come here. Let's circle.
(Hey, we need to switch our places too.)
- You're acting like you know this. - What?
- Seung Yoon. - Get it.
- Okay. - Get it over the net.
(They score their first point at last.)
Let's get this right. We can win this.
I got it.
- Okay. - Nice.
(After a long rally...)
- Nice job. - You got it!
- No! - Is the ball out?
- It was out. - Please give me one point.
Please.
(Fine. We'll give you a point.)
(Take the ball too)
- Nice. - Thank you!
- Good job. - Seung Hoon.
- Well done. - The only thing we lack is money.
That's right. I made that one count. I got us a point!
- Good job. - I got us a point.
Come on, Korea!
Come on. We can do this, Korea!
- I got it. - Okay.
- Okay. - That was nice.
- Nice. - Nice. That was good.
I'm blocking it!
(Using his whole body)
I think that was our best rally.
You did everything by yourself.
Mine.
(4 acts of slapstick comedy)
Hit it!
(These youthful singers seem to have gone back to their childhood.)
Is this it? Did we win?
- Yes, you guys won. - Yes.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
- This game's over now. Thank you. - Good game.
You were a good player.
(Acting like national players)
- Good game. - Thank you.
- Thank you. - What do you guys do?
We are Korean singers.
- Who are you? - We are Winner.
- Winner? - Yes.
Hey, we lost!
(Chuckling)
- Our name is Winner, but we lost. - We are losers.
We lost the volleyball match.
What's worse is they went easy on us.
(Winner must be banned from playing sports or starring on sports shows.)
(After ending a physically demanding game...)
Min Ho.
- It's about skydiving. - Sorry?
Let's go and make reservations for skydiving.
- To where? How? - Let's ask...
- how we can do that. - Let's do that.
Let's ask the receptionist.
- The receptionist? - Yes.
Come with me.
(There's a sad story behind skydiving.)
(This was before they departed for Australia.)
(Winner was looking through the guide book.)
(They found skydiving in the list of activities they can enjoy.)
(Screaming in joy)
(Jin Woo seemed especially excited.)
(Jin Woo is the center of this tearful story.)
(A little while ago, Winner filmed...)
(a video for their fans overseas.)
I saw we were supposed to go skydiving on the itinerary.
I wanted to try skydiving...
and went on the trip with hopes of skydiving.
(He was excited during the shoot.)
I can't believe I'm going skydiving.
Skydiving? My goodness.
Jin Woo kept talking about skydiving...
- even before we came to Guam. - He really wants to try it.
I was informed that everyone would go skydiving.
"All four of you will go skydiving. Don't you worry."
That's what I was told.
- No way. - What are those?
(Out of nowhere, a game of luck was presented.)
(Jin Woo and Seung Hoon lost their chance.)
Are you serious?
(I'm not going to film now. I'm serious.)
I'm going to take off the microphone.
This is so disappointing.
The crew basically played me.
They really did.
At that time, I just wanted to go back to Korea right away.
I'm not lying.
When he couldn't do it, he was...
- really mad. - After we played the game,
we cursed the program, "One Night Two Days"...
for making those games of luck.
And the producer of the show is right here.
It was like a butterfly effect.
(He's the cause of this misfortune.)
Even after the shoot, I kept wanting to try skydiving.
(Jin Woo wished to try it once.)
I wanted to try it.
- People go on trips. - Skydiving.
- We must try it. - People who don't know...
Let's do it when the sky is clear.
We should go to Fremantle.
There's an island we can reach by a 30-minute boat ride.
(They found out they can go skydiving on Rottnest Island.)
- We can do it on the island. - That's where we can go skydiving.
We must go there then.
I think it's going to cost a lot.
I should look up the prices.
It's so expensive.
It's 300 dollars.
- What costs 300 dollars? - The skydiving.
- 300 dollars? - We can't afford it.
(They're shocked.)
I want to see the stars.
You won't go skydiving?
We can't go skydiving. It's too expensive.
I can't use our budget just for my own happiness.
- Because it costs 300 dollars? - Yes, it costs 300 dollars.
(And Jin Woo gave up on skydiving once again.)
(However, the younger members couldn't give up on it.)
I really want Jin Woo to go skydiving though.
- I don't have to go skydiving. - It's not scary.
- Really? - I'm not sure about Min Ho, but...
The reason I wanted to save money today was...
because I wanted us to do activities we want.
We would need money to do those activities.
- But... - If money isn't an issue,
can all of us go?
Of course. That would be much better.
If I were to choose an activity, I'd like us to go skydiving together.
I'm not interested in other ones.
We can't go skydiving without making reservations first.
(They decided to make a bold investment in skydiving.)
(Jin Woo and Min Ho go to ask about skydiving.)
Excuse me.
- Hi, guys. - It's about skydiving.
- Is it for tomorrow? - Tomorrow?
- Yes, it's for tomorrow. - Yes.
Okay.
They only have those times available.
- Does "am" means evening? - No, it's morning.
Oh, you're right.
For Geronimo, they don't have any pricing online.
You have to call them if you want to book with Rottnest Skydiving.
Okay
Should we call this number?
Why don't you give them a call?
(They're afraid to talk to a foreigner.)
Okay.
You want me to call? My English isn't good.
Why don't we give this a shot?
- It's working. - It's going through.
- It popped up. - Right.
- I'm hearing beeps. - Thanks for calling Geronimo.
The best skydiving experience guaranteed.
- This is an answering machine. - I think so too.
- To speak with information... - Hello?
(Is anyone there?)
- For booking, press one. - I heard, "booking".
(They press 1 after hearing "booking".)
- What is this? - Booking.
(Someone answers the phone.)
Hello.
Hi.
I want to go skydiving.
- Yes. - Okay?
- Four of us want to do it tomorrow. - In the morning.
Is your team available?
Yes, definitely. Is this for Busselton or Rottnest Island?
Excuse me?
We have two places.
One is Rottnest Island.
- We'd like it on Rottnest Island. - Rottnest Island.
- Okay, cool. - Yes!
Let me mark it on our calendar.
(With only a few English words, they managed to book a reservation.)
At what altitude would you like to jump from?
Your choices are 10,000ft, 14,000ft,
- and 15,000ft. - Which one is the highest one?
- The highest? - Yes.
That would be 15,000ft.
Good.
- Isn't that too high? - Okay.
(It's the highest altitude to go up without an oxygen tank.)
- Credit card. - I hear someone in the background.
(They borrow the staff's card for deposit.)
(He's ecstatic.)
(They give high-fives to each other as force of habit.)
- Okay, bye. - Thank you.
- Thank you. - See you tomorrow.
- Did it go well? - Yes, I think we booked it.
Let's check if we got the confirmation email...
- or not. - We should check our emails.
- We did it. - We must take the ferry at 8am.
We should calculate the time here to the harbor too.
- To Korea? - Why are we going to Korea?
- I said, "harbor". - I see. Harbor.
- I thought he said, "Korea". - So did I.
Bye.
- The ferries will be at the harbor. - Harbor.
We need to go to the harbor to take the ferry.
We can ask the receptionist. She's really nice.
- She is nice. - I think we can ask her.
- She even wrote this down for us. - Okay.
(And they managed to book their tickets for the ferry as well.)
(The dawn breaks the next day.)
(He gets up.)
(Jin Woo wakes up.)
(He gets ready with the thought of going skydiving.)
- How much time do we have left? - Until we have to leave?
We have exactly an hour.
Let me take a shower first.
(3 alarms on different phones go off except for Jin Woo's.)
(Chuckling)
Darn.
(No one can get up except Jin Woo.)
Everyone's alarms started to go off.
Hey, guys. Wash up.
- Wash up. - Okay.
We have 30 minutes. No, we have 20.
Should I bring my swimming shorts just in case?
[VIU Ver] E02 Youth Over Flowers - Winner "Living in West Australia"
-= Ruo Xi =-
(It's a fairy-tale-like island located in West Australia.)
(The most popular vacation spot of locals for the weekend)
(To protect the environment, only tour buses and bikes are allowed.)
(Personal automobile use is not permitted.)
(And most of all, the biggest charm of this island is that...)
(it's full of various activities such as skydiving.)
(Whenever the sun sets,)
(a magical view of the sunset unfolds.)
(White sand and the blue Indian Ocean meets...)
(on Rottnest Island.)
(I'm here too!)
(Everyone has woken up.)
(Min Ho takes something out as soon as he wakes up.)
(It's the burger their lack of English proficiency caused.)
Don't eat! You can't eat that!
Let me have a bite.
What's that? Where did you get that?
It's from yesterday.
The burger is huge.
Is it good?
(Jin Woo takes a bite before they go skydiving.)
(It's time to take the ferry heading to Rottnest Island.)
There isn't a single cloud...
- in the sky today. - I know.
It's a great day to jump.
Nothing will get in our way when we jump.
That's the ferry.
(They get a glimpse of the harbor.)
- Cheers. - Cheers.
- Cheers. - Why did we say at the same time?
We said it in unison.
- Thank you. - Let's go.
(They set out to skydive.)
Gosh, the sky is so clear.
My gosh. I might be able to see the space from here.
- That's the ferry for 8:15am. - It was so easy to get here.
- That's the one for 8:15am. - We managed to get here.
I won't get off my bicycle today.
- Thanks, guys. Have a good day. - Thank you.
- Have a good day. - Thank you.
(They will take the 2-story ferry to the island.)
Do we have assigned seats?
- Let's sit here and there. - Over there.
- All right. - This one.
- Let's sit down. - I'm nervous.
(He's tired.)
Let's take a selfie.
Say cheese.
(He forces a smile.)
(Everyone seems exhausted.)
We totally look like tourists.
But we are tourists.
(The ferry ventures out with exhausted tourists.)
(They pass out.)
(Jin Woo is the only one who wakes up again.)
(Skydiving...)
(It takes about 20 minutes via ferry from Fremantle...)
(to Rottnest Island.)
(They arrive at Rottnest Island.)
(The amazing weather on the island washes away their exhaustion.)
But we have a lot of time left.
We have plenty of time.
- Let's rent a bicycle. - Let's rent it first.
- Let's take it with us. - Let's rent a bicycle.
- Hi. - Hello.
- 4? - Yes, 4 bikes, please.
Hey, take your bicycle.
This fits perfectly.
Let me buckle you up.
- I'm ready. - You already did it.
I'm always ready.
- Let's go. - Let's go!
- Let's go. - Go, go, go.
(This must be mentioned when discussing Rottnest Island.)
Hey, quokka.
(Quokka?)
(Did you call me?)
(I'm a quokka. I'm an animal.)
(I'm the happiest animal in the world.)
(It's a type of kangaroos and only inhabits on Rottnest Island.)
(They are known to be nosy.)
(What's happening there?)
(What do you think this boy is doing?)
(Here's a hint.)
(He's taking a selfie with a quokka.)
(Taking a selfie with a quokka is on the bucket list of travelers.)
(Is it hard to take a selfie?)
(Yes.)
(Beware of horrible photos. Quokka, please put your head up.)
(This is the life of the most famous animal in Australia.)
(Besides, they are nocturnal and like to stay in.)
(No, I'm not sleeping.)
(Try to find me.)
(Can they manage to take a selfie with a quokka before skydiving?)
(Seung Yoon and Min Ho around the forest first.)
(Quokkas are often spotted under the trees.)
Hey, quokka.
(Where are quokkas?)
"Finding Quokkas".
(Cawing)
I don't see any quokkas. I only see crows.
(But he's still having fun.)
(Where on earth are quokkas?)
It's nice to ride a bicycle here.
(Seung Hoon looks around his surroundings.)
- Did you find a quokka? Where? - Wait.
- It's sitting like a rock. - That's a quokka.
(He's excited.)
That's a quokka.
- There's another one here. Where? - It's right in front of you.
It looks like a rock.
- Quokka. - I found a wild quokka.
(They spot their first quokka.)
Quokka.
(You startled me.)
Take a photo with me.
Quokka, come here.
(They approach it carefully.)
Take a photo with me.
(Look at the camera.)
- I'm communicating. - Hey.
My apologies.
(Their desperate attempts to take photos begin.)
I want to take a photo next.
(Let me pass through.)
Quokka, come here.
(I have the right of publicity.)
(I hate the backlight.)
Hold on. Please look at the camera again.
Come here, quokka.
(They fail to take a photo as Jin Woo is not in the photo.)
(They fail again because the quokka isn't in the photo.)
(They fail again because no one is in the photo.)
This is hard.
(Taking a selfie with quokkas is hard.)
It's really hard.
I think it hates me.
Why don't you lie down? It could be me that it hates.
No, no.
(Why would I hate you?)
It's eating the leaf like it's the tastiest.
Quokka.
(He gives the quokka a leaf.)
It's eating it.
- They like leaves. - I see.
(This is my favorite food.)
Wait, no. Stay like that. Give me a second.
Come here. I'll give you the leaf. Jin Woo, I'll bring it here.
Here.
How many leaves does it eat?
(At last...)
No! It jumps like a kangaroo.
That was a kangaroo jump!
- It jumped like a kangaroo. - That was amazing.
(I'm not a kangaroo.)
My goodness, it's so adorable.
(Meanwhile, Min Ho and Seung Yoon haven't found a quokka yet.)
Hi.
(There are a lot of people, but...)
I don't think this is the right way.
This is nice.
- I see a lighthouse. - Let's go there.
(Speeding up)
(The road is bumpy.)
(It seems they might have taken the wrong route.)
I think we might have...
picked the harder way to come with a bicycle.
- Let's still go for it. - Let's go.
(Their bad hunch is proven correct.)
We're asking for trouble.
(Their trouble begins.)
My gosh, we took the wrong route. That was the wrong route.
What a mistake.
(They're doing this hard work for no reason.)
(Panting)
My gosh, I'm glad we came here.
It was the right thing to do.
It's really nice here.
Look at all the locks hanging.
Yes, you are the blue sea
(They take photos of this breathtaking scenery.)
(He pauses for a moment taking in this serene view.)
(A selfie in front of a lighthouse they accidentally stopped by)
(They turn into cheerful youngsters within 5 seconds.)
This is so fast.
(They're on their way to look for Quokka again.)
(Meanwhile)
(There are two guys lying on the ground.)
(He managed to lure quokka with a leaf.)
(He managed to take a selfie with quokka.)
Do you like the leaf?
- It was so hard. - Do you like the leaf?
They love these leaves.
The leaves are the best.
We should try some leaves too.
They're juicy.
I think it's because they're raw leaves.
This one is dried.
- I'm eating it. - You should have said so.
- It's delicious. - You should compare it.
Have this one too.
(Compare it with the leaf.)
I took too long to take a photo.
(Min Ho and Seung Yoon managed to find the quokka too.)
It's so cute.
(Are you Min Ho?)
(I like your clothes.)
It's so strong.
Stop it.
- Stop it. - What if he breaks it?
(He's worried.)
(He's relieved.)
(It's a selfie time.)
(Click)
- Good. It's done. - Good.
- Good. We took a great one. - Good.
The quokka looks ugly in the photo, but we look good instead.
(The quokka looks ugly in the photo.)
(Upset)
Let's go skydive
- Let's go, Seung Hoon. - Okay.
- Skydive - It must be the one.
- Skydiving? - Yes.
- Good. - Hi.
- Thank you. - Thank you.
It feels great.
(It's a fresh start.)
(They arrived already.)
(This is where we're going to skydive.)
- Hi. - Hi.
(They enter confidently.)
- Hi. - Here we go.
- Hi, I'm Gaby. - Hi.
- Gaby. Nice to meet you. - Nice to meet you.
- Lee. - Lee?
- Min Ho. - Nice to meet you.
- I'm Yoon. - All right.
(He lost his chance to introduce his name.)
(He feels awkward.)
It must be the plane.
- Are we going on that plane? - Yes.
- Yes. - It's so small.
- The plane is scarier than jumping. - Really?
It's scary to get on the plane.
(Later on)
(The plane is even worse. Your face is even scarier.)
(They are excited.)
- We will be writing a pledge. - Yes.
Is it a body abandonment memorandum?
- No. It's for the insurance. - Is it?
(No, you won't be signing up for the body abandonment memorandum.)
Can you guys start filling up the forms for me?
(They need to write their personal information.)
- Okay. - Thank you.
- What is this? - I don't understand the first one.
Is this 15km high? What does "height" mean?
No.
It's asking how tall you are.
- What? - Write how tall you are.
(He almost wrote 15km for his height.)
Do we write out Korean address?
(Please write with human standard.)
(He's staring at something.)
(This is what will happen to you.)
Look at his face.
We will look like him too.
- We will be out of breath. - Really?
You guys will jump from the highest height.
(He's making this sound to show how excited he is.)
It's going to be fun.
(Laughing)
It's going to be scary too.
(Why did you want to try skydiving?)
I just felt like jumping off from somewhere high.
You get a rope when you're bungee jumping.
But you have nothing when you're skydiving.
Skydiving lets you jump freely in the sky.
I wanted to experience that.
It was one of the things I've always wanted to try.
It's going to be fun.
(He wanted to jump from the sky.)
What if the parachute doesn't work?
Gosh. It won't happen.
You have to jump in the ocean if that happens.
Do we survive if we jump in the ocean?
We die.
(It's a simple answer.)
"We die."
What if the pilot makes a mistake and fall in the ocean?
Why do you keep saying that?
(Make sure to arrive at the drop zone.)
(Seung Hoon and Jin Woo are going first.)
- It's better to jump first. - Yes.
I'm ready. I'm lee.
Jump buddy.
(He gets ready to jump with his jump buddy.)
(He puts on a yellow belt.)
- You look nervous already. - Yes, I'm nervous.
(They begin putting the gears on.)
I'm scared all of a sudden.
- Are you scared? - Yes.
- Are you? - Yes.
- Are you Lee? - Yes.
- How are you? - Nice to meet you.
- Lucky for you. - Yes. I'm lucky.
(You're lucky to see me.)
He looks nervous, right?
- He's very nervous. - He's really nervous.
- He's standing like this. - I know.
Don't worry.
(He's standing quietly.)
He froze.
He's dying.
(Is he dying?)
(He can't hear a thing.)
You have to take care of your parachute.
- Is this the parachute? - Yes.
(You have to get another one if you lose this.)
(This is a life jacket in case of landing in the ocean.)
(Everyone received safety training.)
- Okay. - Make him loosen up a little.
In 1, 2, 3.
Give me another one. In 1, 2, 3.
(He will look like this when jumping off.)
- That's good. - He's ready to jump.
In 1, 2, 3.
Okay.
(When he's really jumping off,)
(he will look like this.)
(He's stamping his feet.)
I can't wait.
You will enjoy it so much.
I want to do it now.
It makes you even more nervous before you jump.
(He comes to make fun of Jin Woo.)
- Are you nervous? - Yes.
Your lips are dry now.
(His lips are dry as he's nervous.)
(But he looks so confident with his gear on.)
Don't we get goggles?
Why is this like this?
(They're talking about something else.)
- I don't know. - Artificial Intelligence.
You can apply for one.
(He has goggles around his neck and he's asking for goggles.)
Why are you nervous?
(It's nice to see his jump buddy.)
(He checks Jin Woo's heart rate.)
- Good? - Yes.
(Your heart rate looks good.)
No problem.
- I'm nervous. - I'm good.
I'm nervous. Are you nervous?
I'm okay.
- Are you okay? - Yes.
(Hold this if you're okay.)
(They are sociable.)
(Engine sound)
- It's here. - It's here.
(Here is your plane.)
It's here.
My heart rate looks normal.
(Beatboxing)
What are you saying?
- Your heart is beating so fast. - No. My heart rate looks normal.
(This is how Jin Woo's heart.)
(He's beatboxing even faster.)
(That's the sound of their hearts.)
(His jump buddy records to celebrate.)
Let's go. Let's go.
(He tries to calm himself down by overreacting.)
- Let's go. - Let's move.
(They look like escaped prisoners that try to steal the plane.)
- Let's go. - They're enjoying it.
(Running)
- Let's go. - Let's go.
(They're not talking about the toy.)
You should jump before me.
- Let go. - You should jump before me.
I will jump after you.
I will get in the pilot's seat.
(They know how to yield.)
Check this out.
(When they're free,)
(they record the video.)
(We concentrate on our customer's satisfaction.)
(They smile like mom and dad.)
They look nervous from the back.
They froze.
(They look like children who need be taken care of.)
I'm not so nervous yet.
- I'm not lying. - I'm nervous.
I'm nervous.
Seung Hoon is trying to...
- Act cool. - He pretends like he's not nervous.
That's why he keeps doing something.
All right. Let's go.
(Nervous)
Go like this.
He's definitely nervous as he's overreacting.
(They know about Winner very well.)
- Jin Woo is nervous too. - Don't act cool.
(They know it. Stop acting cool.)
(They finally get on the plane.)
(Jin Woo gets on the plane first as he's going to jump last.)
Thumbs up.
(Seung Hoon who's acting cool gets on the plane too.)
- We're ready. - We're ready.
Let's go. Let's go.
(Let's go.)
(My heart is pounding.)
I forgot what they told me to do.
I only remember that we should say "Banana".
Seung Hoon and Jin Woo!
(He gives his friends words of blessing.)
Come back alive!
(Let's have a talk when we come back, Min Ho.)
(The light aircraft enters the runway.)
All right.
- Fly! - Fly!
Fly! Fly! Fly! Fly!
It's in the air! When did it get off the ground?
I am satisfied with this.
(The scenery outside the window makes them happy.)
The scenery is nice and pretty.
Why did I say I will jump off the plane?
(My goodness.)
(They continue to take pictures for memories.)
(I like it.)
(After the takeoff, the plane arrives at a spot...)
(with a bird's-eye view of the island.)
(Reaching 15,000ft in the air,)
(the plane grows smaller.)
(Min Ho was watching without a word.)
(My goodness.)
Jin Woo got his wish.
- We will finally jump off a plane. - What?
- We will finally jump off a plane. - I know.
- We will finally jump off a plane. - Yes, finally.
Come on, guys.
(The other two beagles get going too.)
- Let's go. Move, move, move. - Move, move, move.
- Let's go, let's go. - Move, move.
Move, move, move, move, move.
Move, move, move, move.
I am tired.
(They have poor stamina.)
(However, they recover quickly...)
(and make strange noises often.)
Winner, Winner! We are going up!
(Don't touch them when they are excited.)
(After 15 minutes of flight)
- Hey, Seung Yoon! - Yes?
We are almost there.
We are almost there!
It's a bit nerve-wracking to do this again.
(How do they feel before their first skydive?)
(Two thumbs up)
(Another thumb up)
(Double thumbs up)
Let's go!
(They feel good enough to give thumbs up.)
Go, go, go, go, go!
Let's go!
(I am nervous.)
I am nervous.
(His heart pounds...)
(and his lips go dry.)
(He breathes in and out...)
(and imagines himself in the air.)
- Okay. - All right.
(These beagle-like boys are relaxed since they had done it before.)
Let's go, let's go.
(I am so excited.)
Get it, boys.
- Okay. - Open the door!
(Screaming)
(Surprised)
(The exit is to the right.)
(Into the sky,)
(he carefully puts out his feet.)
(He will jump into the new world.)
(The beagle-like boys are ready to jump too.)
(Welcome.)
(I am so happy.)
(He puts his feet in the air...)
(and takes a step forward.)
Okay. Okay.
Okay.
- Ready? - Okay.
(There is no distinction between the sky and the sea.)
(Into the wind between them,)
(they throw their bodies.)
(He transforms into Superman.)
(He attacks with his hair.)
(It's fusion time!)
Let's go!
(After people jump off the plane,)
(the pilot closes the door and leaves in a cool-headed way.)
(Lastly,)
(it's Jin Woo's turn to jump.)
(Is this okay?)
Right before I jumped,
the strap became a bit loose.
I kept asking the instructor if it's okay,
but he jumped off without a word.
He jumped off right away.
(The gear was thoroughly checked for safety ahead of time.)
(I will be back.)
(Screaming)
(It's closing time.)
(How did it feel to finally jump off the plane?)
It just...
I don't know. It just felt great.
(It's a moment that dazzles without any impressive words.)
(It's a moment that just feels great.)
Yes!
(After 1-minute free fall,)
(the parachute unfolds so that they can ride the wind.)
(Laughing)
(He savors every moment.)
Nice!
(Screaming)
(Shouting)
That was nice.
- That was very nice. - Very good.
You should do it.
You should do it no matter what.
- The skydiving? - Yes.
It's a must.
Because the Korean society is highly competitive,
a lot of people are struggling.
Through exciting events...
or activities such as skydiving,
you can let go of your pent-up emotions.
What kind of emotions did you scatter in the sky?
The situation is similar for me too.
I released...
the pent-up stress.
It was a meaningful experience.
(Even a young man in his 20s has worries he can't share.)
You can't share it.
No.
Okay, I see.
(The pent-up emotions in his heart...)
(scatter in the sky.)
Oh, yes.
Cool!
(He feels like he is walking on air.)
Look at that view!
(He keeps giving thumbs up.)
How was the dive? Okay?
Give me high five, man.
- Here we go! - Here we go!
Mama, Papa,
Haute, my sister, I love you!
Youth Over Flowers is the best!
(A beautiful moment passes like the wind.)
(The Earth pulls his feet.)
(He's making heart.)
I love you! I love you!
(Seung Hoon came back from the sky as a loving man.)
Let's go. Let's go.
Thank you.
Thank you. I love you. I love you.
(Jin Woo really wanted to try skydiving.)
(Shouting)
(He learned different exclamations.)
It's Jin Woo!
Nice!
(Two thumbs up)
All right.
(My goodness.)
Thank you.
(Everyone looks happy.)
Thank you. It's great.
I am glad you made it.
I did it!
I loved it. It was the best!
My goodness.
(His legs give out,)
(but he has friends who raise him up...)
Get up.
(and welcome him.)
Let's get it.
That's the highest point you can skydive from, right?
(Jin Woo now dreams of reaching a higher point.)
I want to do it again if I can.
I can't believe I came this far and skydived.
I am walking like this.
I usually walk straight, but I can't help but walking...
- with my toes pointed out now. - Me too.
Still, it's nice.
A bird's-eye view of the island was beautiful.
I know. It was really nice.
Quokka.
See you next time.
Next time.
(We apologize. Due to the length of the episode,)
(this story will be revealed next week.)
(Anyway...)
Let's go! Let's go! Let's go!
(They rent a van.)
(They say goodbye to the prison uniform.)
(Heave-ho)
(The youth are here to ride the waves.)
(They are novices.)
(They are swimming on the ground.)
(Waves,)
(here I come.)
(Will Winner be able to enjoy surfing?)
(They are on their way to the hotel in Margaret River.)
(They travel with sunset and song.)
(Who cares if there is no WiFi? Their days are full of excitements.)
Let's hurry up and go.
- Let's go. - Let's go.
Let's go.
Thank you, Seung Hoon.
- In 1, 2, 3. - In 1, 2, 3.
This is romantic.
My goodness.
(Seung Yoon, did you enjoy Youth Over Flowers?)
(It's time to go to prison now.)
("Prison Playbook")
(He practices over and over again to give the perfect performance.)
(The singer who debuted 12 years ago, Taeyang)
(Inside that singer lives another person, Dong Young Bae.)
(He shows off his beagle-like charms every day.)
I want to show my honest self without pretenses.
("Livin' the Double Life")